Recommendation 4.3.1 avoid nullable types (#296)
cqfn/diKTat: info/available-rules.md

|    3 |      3.2 | WRONG_MULTIPLE_MODIFIERS_ORDER          | Check: if multiple modifiers sequence is in the wrong order                                                                                                                  | yes | -                         | - |
|    3 |      3.14.2 | STRING_TEMPLATE_CURLY_BRACES               | Check: warns if there is redundant curly braces in string template<br> Fix: deletes curly braces                 | yes | - | + |
|    3 |    3.14.2  | STRING_TEMPLATE_QUOTES                      | Check: warns if there are redundant quotes in string template<br> Fix: deletes quotes and $ symbol                   | yes | - | + |

> |    4 |     4.3.1| NULLABLE_PROPERTY_TYPE                  | Check: if initialize val by null                                                                                                                                             | yes | -                         | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|    4 |     4.3.1| NULLABLE_PROPERTY_TYPE                  | Check: warns if immutable property is initialized with null or if immutable property can have non-nullable type instead of nullable<br>Fix: suggests initial value instead of null or changes immutable property type                    | yes | -                         | - |
```
